Include Next.js middleware matcher (#19732)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/auth-helpers/nextjs.mdx

Next.js Server Components allow you to read a cookie but not write back to it. Middleware on the other hand allow you to both read and write to cookies.

> Next.js [Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware) runs immediately before each route is rendered. To avoid unnecessary renders, we include a matcher to decide when the middleware should run. You can read more on matching paths in the Next.js [documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware#matching-paths). We'll use Middleware to refresh the user's session before loading Server Component routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js [Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware) runs immediately before each route is rendered. To avoid unnecessary execution, we include a matcher config to decide when the middleware should run. You can read more on matching paths in the Next.js [documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware#matching-paths). We'll use Middleware to refresh the user's session before loading Server Component routes.
```
